Next.
My phone just quit working.
I can't imagine why you always put it down
with such grace,
but we use it for primarily,
mostly just texting and Facebook.
We have more computing power in your
pocket than NASA did when
they put a man on the moon.
We use it for mostly texting and Facebook.
This is why humanity is doomed.
OK, you know, I don't need
your smug tech guy attitude.
Where's your manager?
And I go get them.
Yeah,
hello.
I'm the manager so I can help you with MS.
.
You just lost yourself
a customer, smart ass.
I did.
Do you think I'll be able
to find another one or next?
I need a new phone.
OK, what kind of specs
are you looking for?
These are actually just came in.
Yeah, sure.
That would be OK
if you could just wait.
I run the car.
All right.
Never mind.
I trust you.
Something in your eyes says you're
a normal, completely sane person.
Need me to transfer a SIM card?
No, I want all new everything.
New phone, new no new service.
OK, off the books for one hundred cash.
I can jailbreak it.
You can have every app you'll ever need.
No, I just.
I want it however it comes ok.
Joe.
Good,
anything else I can help you with?
No.
OK, next.
What the hell is this,
what this app, why is it on their.
It's weird you buy it.
We could have done that,
you literally just turned it on.
OK, deep breath.
Um, you just delete it,
it won't let you delete it.
Just give it to me.
All right, we're on your wireless.
Please leave a review.
Appreciate it.
And what app was she talking about?